# CRUD Quiz

Use the solution to this afternoon's Property Tracker lab to answer the following questions. Please write your answers under each question, push the file to GitHub, and submit in the usual way.

## MVP Questions

In our Property Tracker application:

Q1. Where are we instantiating instances of the `Property` class?

under def initialize

Q2. Where are we defining the SQL that enables us to save the ruby `Property` object into the database?

in console.rb

Q3. In `console.rb`, which lines modify the database?

the lines where new properties are created eg property1 = Property.new()

Q4. Why do we not define the id of a `Property` object at the point we instantiate it (‘new it up’)?

it gets defined automatically if it's SERIAL

Q5. Where and how do we assign the id (that is generated by the database) to the ruby `Property` object?

in the save definition we first see @id

Q6. Why do we put a guard (an `if` clause) on the `@id` attribute in the constructor?

it isn't automatically assigned an id so it stops it from breaking

Q7. Why are some of the CRUD actions represented by instance methods, and others by class methods?

you don't always want to delete or update, only when you have to

Q8. What type of data structure is returned by calls to `db.exec_prepared()`? In the `save` method, how do we access the id from the returned data structure?

integer, $5

Q9. Why do we use prepared statements when performing database operations?

to avoid sql injection attacks

## Extension Questions

Look at the `find_by_id` and `find_by_address` methods in the `Property` class.

Q10. What do they take in as their arguments?

the id or the address

Q11. What are their return values?

any properties that either fits the id, or has the address we input
